Hello and welcome back. In the previous video, I showed you how to add DeepSeek as a model for
OpenClaw. I later found out that DeepSeek version 4 Pro is available. In this video, I will show
you how I upgraded the DeepSeek model to version 4 Pro. I had asked ChatGPT how to upgrade
and it gave a reply. In Telegram, I gave the instruction saying I want to change to DeepSeek
version 4 pro. I then copied the chat gpt output and pasted it into telegram
open claw replied saying it will check the configurations and also list down what it
needs to do. It then made the changes and verified the result and gave a summary of what it did.
It also reminded me to restart open claw for the new primary model to take effect and ask if it
should do that and I replied yes. If it had not restarted you would have to use
this command: open claw gateway restart. After restarting I cleared the telegram
chat history and started a new session. I then listed the models using the command:
open claw models list, and it showed me the list of the models. I can see that it
It has successfully upgraded the primary model to Deep Seek version 4 Pro and made it the
default model.
Also note that the fallback model is now GPT 5.4.
Back in Telegram, I asked it, what model are you on?
And it replies, Deep Seek version 4 Pro.
That's all for this video.
Thanks for watching.